{'book': {'publisher': 'Harcourt School', 'synopsis': "A true learning tool for students and scholars alike; the third edition of Organizational Behavior: A Management Challenge has been designed to effectively present an overview of the challenges facing managers and employees in today's competitive organizations.  The latest research in organizational behavior has been interwoven with real-life cases and practical applications to provide a highly accessible text for advanced undergraduate and MBA students of management and psychology.  To reflect the evolving challenges of today's organizations, this text contains expanded coverage of new technologies and global businesses and brings the sophisticated world into the classroom. A new chapter on Inclusion has also been added.  New Features: *Research in Action Boxes--contributions from leading researchers in the field. *Focus On--vignettes and boxed items that emphasize technology issues and international issues. *On Your Own--experimental exercises that can be either completed individually or collaboratively. *The Manager's Memo--a unique format for end-of-chapter cases. Real-life management problems presented through a memo. Provides the opportunity for formal written responses, as well as class discussion. *Photos and NEW Artwork-- with captions that tie the relevancy of the graphics to the text concepts.  Supplements: *Instructor's Manual *PowerPoint on CD--packaged automatically with the Instructor's Manual *Text Specific Web site: www.organizationalbehavior.ws    **Special Copy for 4C mailer**  Below the bios: These three leading scholars in their field have written the new Third Edition of Organizational Behavior to include coverage of technology in the workplace and the challenges of a global market. A NEW chapter on Inclusion (chapter 16) has also been added.  The latest research in organizational behavior has been interwoven with real-life cases and practical applications to provide a highly accessible text for advanced undergraduate and MBA students of management and psychology.  We at LEA invite you to examine our new exciting learning tool for students and scholars alike. Please preview the wonderful new features of Stroh, Northcraft and Neale's new textbook that will help the reader gain the knowledge to succeed in today's changing work environments.  Supplements  INSTRUCTOR WEB RESOURCE - www.organizationalbehavior.ws Prepared by Christine L. Langlands, this FREE, text-specific website includes the entire Instructor's Resource Manual, all of the PowerPoint slides described below, the Preface and Table of Contents for the textbook, author biographies and ordering information to obtain a copy of the text. This valuable on-line resource is designed to be completely intuitive and enhances both the live contact course and the virtual classroom. To keep pace with the evolving field of Organizational Behavior, the website will be updated by the author team over the life of the text.   INSTRUCTOR'S MANUAL Written by Mary C. Freeman-Kerns and Christine L. Langlands, in conjunction with the authors of the textbook, this IM was created in the classroom. This rich resource contains detailed chapter outlines, the answers to the questions in the textbook, and additional case or group exercises for each section of the text. Available directly on the website OR in hardcopy (upon adoption), this IM is a tool that will guide new instructors smoothly through their course.  POWERPOINT CD-ROM  Containing more than 250 PowerPoint slides, this dual-platform CD-ROM enhances any lecture with interesting and accurate visuals. The CD-ROM will be packaged FREE with the hardcopy Instructor's Manual.  Third Edition Features  Research in Action Contributions from leading researchers in the field highlight the connection between high-quality research and effective application.  On Your Own Experimental exercises that can be completed either individually or collaboratively.  Focus On Real-life vignettes and boxed items that emphasize Technology and International issues.  The Manager's Memo A unique memo format for end-of-chapter cases providing actual management problems with the opportunity for formal written responses as well as class discussion.", 'language': 'en', 'image': 'https://images.isbndb.com/covers/53/92/9780030205392.jpg', 'title_long': 'Organizational Behavior: A Management Challenge (The Dryden Press series in management)', 'dimensions': 'Height: 9.75 Inches, Length: 8 Inches, Width: 1.5 Inches', 'dimensions_structured': {'length': {'unit': 'inches', 'value': 8}, 'width': {'unit': 'inches', 'value': 1.5}, 'height': {'unit': 'inches', 'value': 9.75}}, 'pages': 49, 'date_published': '1990', 'subjects': ['Business & Money', 'Management & Leadership', 'Management', 'Processes & Infrastructure', 'Health, Fitness & Dieting', 'Psychology & Counseling', 'Applied Psychology', 'Medical Books', 'Psychology'], 'authors': ['Gregory B.', 'Margaret A. Northcraft Neale'], 'title': 'Organizational Behavior: A Management Challenge (The Dryden Press series in management)', 'isbn13': '9780030205392', 'msrp': 67.95, 'binding': 'Paperback', 'isbn': '0030205395', 'isbn10': '0030205395'}}