{'book': {'publisher': 'McGraw-Hill Companies', 'synopsis': 'Interactions Mosaic 4th Edition is the newly expanded five-level, four-skill comprehensive ESL/ELT series for academic students. The new edition, for beginners to advanced learners, incorporates interactive and communicative activities while still focusing on skill building to prepare students for academic content. Reading, Writing, Listening and Speaking, as well as Grammar are thoroughly presented in each strand. High-interest themes are integrated across all skill strands and levels. Language proficiencies as well are articulated from level to level. New 1. Global activities are suitable for ESL/ELT monolingual or multilingual classrooms 2. New design, content, audio programs, photos, and illustrations reinforce skill-building exercises. 3. Placement tests and chapter quizzes are included in each Instructor’s Manual. 4. User-friendly instructions, complete scope and sequence, and consistent chapter structure offer greater flexibility in lesson planning. 5. 5 new videos, one per level, immerse students in authentic language. Program Student Texts Instructor’s Manuals Audio Programs for L/S and Reading (Audiocassettes/CDs) L/S Assessment Audiocassettes and CDs Reading Student Audio CDs Program CD/ROM Video Demo Audiocassette Student Book The Student Books of the new 4th edition of Interactions Mosaic have completely updated photos and illustrations and sport a new design. Global activities are suitable for ESL and ELT monolingual or multilingual classrooms. User-friendly instructions appeal to both instructor and student. A complete scope and sequence is presented at the beginning of each book. Consistent chapter structure creates greater flexibility in lesson planning. Mosaic 2 (High Intermediate – Low Advanced) Reading Scope and Reading Type, Vocabulary Development, Reading Skills, Focus on Testing/Timed Reading, Video Topics Chapter 1. In This Chapter gives students a preview of the upcoming material. 2. Introduction to Readings builds background knowledge by giving students information on the writer and the source. 3. Varied Genres include formal and informal essays, biographies, speeches, interviews, stories, and poetry. 4. Photos and Illustrations ensure comprehension by supporting the text. 5. Preliminary Activities provide scaffolding to help students understand authentic language. 6. Skill Development prepares students for standardized tests through paraphrasing, summarizing, identifying the theme, formulating an argument, and so on. 7. Groupwork maximizes opportunities for discussion and negotiation. 8. Talk It Over and Making Connections encourage students to evaluate arguments and to do independent research related to the topic of the chapter. 9. Time Readings give students specific strategies for improving their reading speed without sacrificing comprehension. 10. Vocabulary and Language-Learning Strategies for synonyms, antonyms, context clues, and word families give students comprehension and self-assessment tools. 11. Study Skills, such as underlining, marginal glosses, and study maps, help students cope with heavy reading assignments. 12. Video News Broadcasts immerse students in authentic language, complete with scaffolding and follow-up activities to reinforce reading skills. (Refer to ISBN 0-07-232995-5 for Video) Chapter Themes (12): Language and Learning Danger and Daring Sex and Gender Mysteries Past and Present Transitions The Mind Working Breakthroughs Art and Entertainment Conflict and Reconciliation Medicine and Science The Future', 'language': 'en', 'image': 'https://images.isbndb.com/covers/56/65/9780075575665.jpg', 'title_long': 'Mosaic II: A Reading Skills Book', 'edition': '2nd', 'dimensions': 'Height: 9.25 Inches, Length: 0.5 Inches, Width: 7.5 Inches', 'dimensions_structured': {'length': {'unit': 'inches', 'value': 0.5}, 'width': {'unit': 'inches', 'value': 7.5}, 'height': {'unit': 'inches', 'value': 9.25}}, 'pages': 320, 'date_published': '1990', 'subjects': ['Reference', 'English as a Second Language', 'Specialty Boutique', 'New, Used & Rental Textbooks'], 'authors': ['Brenda, and Bernstein, Marilyn, and Knezevic, Miki P Wegmann'], 'title': 'Mosaic II: A Reading Skills Book', 'isbn13': '9780075575665', 'msrp': 24, 'binding': 'Paperback', 'isbn': '0075575663', 'isbn10': '0075575663'}}