{'book': {'publisher': 'Marshall Cavendish Education', 'synopsis': "The Primary Mathematics Standards Edition is a series of elementary math textbooks and workbooks from the publishers of Singapore's successful Primary Mathematics series. Newly adapted to align with the Mathematics Framework for California Public Schools, the program aims to equip students with sound concept development, critical thinking and efficient problem-solving skills. Features of the Mathematical concepts are introduced in the opening pages and taught to mastery through specific learning tasks that allow for immediate assessment and consolidation. The modeling method enables students to visualize and solve mathematical problems quickly and efficiently. The Concrete > Pictorial > Abstract approach enables students to encounter math in a meaningful way and translate mathematical skills from the concrete to the abstract. The pencil icon provides quick and easy reference from the Textbook to the relevant Workbook pages. The direct correlation of the Workbook to the Textbook facilitates focused review and evaluation. New mathematical concepts are introduced throughout a spiral progression that builds on concepts already taught and mastered. Metacognition is employed as a strategy for learners to monitor their thinking processes in problem solving. Speech and thought bubbles provide guidance through the thought processes, making even the most challenging problems accessible to students. Color patch is used to invite active student participation and to facilitate lively discussion about the mathematical concepts taught. Reviews in the Workbooks for 1A-1B and regular reviews in the Textbooks and Workbooks for 2A-5B provide consolidation of concepts learned. The glossary effectively combines pictorial representation with simple mathematical definitions to provide a comprehensive reference guide for students. Answer keys booklets are not included, but are available - one for Primary 1A-3B and one for Primary 4A-6B.", 'language': 'en', 'image': 'https://images.isbndb.com/covers/49/95/9789810184995.jpg', 'title_long': 'Primary Mathematics 2B Textbook U.S. Edition', 'edition': 'U. S. edition', 'dimensions': 'Weight: 0.1 Pounds', 'dimensions_structured': {'weight': {'unit': 'pounds', 'value': 0.1}}, 'pages': 112, 'date_published': '2009', 'subjects': ['Specialty Boutique', 'New, Used & Rental Textbooks'], 'authors': ['Singapore Math'], 'title': 'Primary Mathematics 2B Textbook U.S. Edition', 'isbn13': '9789810184995', 'msrp': 10.1, 'binding': 'Paperback', 'isbn': '9810184999', 'isbn10': '9810184999'}}