{'book': {'publisher': 'Random House Audio', 'synopsis': 'Product Description      The Silmarillion tells of the Elder Days, of the First Age of Tolkien\'s World, when Morgoth, the first Dark Lord, dwelt in Middle Earth, and the High Elves made war upon them for the recovery of the Silmarils, the jewels containing the pure light of Valinor. It is to this ancient drama that the characters in The Lord of the Rings so often look back to.The Elf-Man Túrin Turambar, the last of the great heroes born of man but fostered by the Grey-elves of Mithrim, was fair and strong and marked by sorrow. A dragon-slayer, he was also a curse unto his kin, treacherous to foes, faithless to friends, and husband of his sister. During Túrin\'s time and long past, Ulmo, King of the Sea, came to Valinor out of the deep waters, and spoke of the need of the Elves and the overpowering might of Morgoth. And the War of Wrath began. At its end the Silmarils found their homes: One in the airs of heaven, one in the fires of the heart or the world, and one in the blackness of the waters, and all Middle-Earth was peaceful for many years. Peace reigned until the rise of Sauron, greatest servant of Morgoth, who recovered the rings of power and wore the Ruling Ring until it was cut from his hand. At the bidding of Mithrandir, the Great Ring of Power was cast into the Fire of Mount Doom from where it was wrought. Men grew strong and prospered. But the power of the Three Rings was ended and the world grew weary and grey to Elven-kind. They departed by ship into the high airs above the mists of the world, a whisper of harp-sound moving through the Ancient West. And an end was come for the Eldar of story and of song.The Silmarillion, considered to be Tolkien\'s most important work, is the story of the creation of the world and the happenings of the First Age, clearly setting the stage for all his other works. With a superb performance by Martin Shaw, this final installment of three volumes will thrill and delight Tolkien fans of all ages, and listeners will treasure this extraordinary presentation for years to come.      From Library Journal      Tolkien\'s 1977 tale could be called the Paradise Lost of Middle Earth. It tells of the Godlike Iluvatar\'s creation of all things, both physical and spiritual, in the Elder Days of Middle Earth in the First Age before the coming of elves and men. All was well until Melkor, Iluvatar\'s mightiest and brightest offspring, grew jealous of his master, desired his own creations, and made things in private while corrupting the designs of Iluvatar. Upon the discovery of his ill deeds, Melkor was cast down and became the first Dark Lord and scourge of Middle Earth (sound familiar?). Although it takes quite a while to get moving, the story eventually serves up epic battles of good and evil as Melkor, aided by his lieutenant, Sauron, who later figures prominently in The Lord of the Rings, is defeated by the human and elvin hosts of Middle Earth in a long and bitter war. Part 1 moves slowly while introducing numerous characters and plot points. Parts 2 and 3 have considerably more action. Actor Martin Shaw\'s reading is solid; it\'s the cardboard packaging that\'s flimsy. Recommended.?Michael Rogers, "Library Journal"Copyright 1998 Reed Business Information, Inc.      Excerpt. © Reprinted by permission. All rights reserved.      The Silmarillion, Volume 3By J. R. R. TolkienRandom House Audio Publishing GroupCopyright © 1998 J. R. R. TolkienAll right reserved.ISBN: 9780553525021Chapter One The Music of the Ainur  There was Eru, the One, who in Arda is called Iluvatar; and he made first the Ainur, the Holy Ones, that were the offspring of his thought, and they were with him before aught else was made. And he spoke to them, propounding to them themes of music; and they sang before him, and he was glad. But for a long while they sang only each alone, or but few together, while the rest hearkened; for each comprehended only that part of the mind of Iluvatar from which he came, and in the understanding of thei', 'language': 'en', 'image': 'https://images.isbndb.com/covers/50/21/9780553525021.jpg', 'title_long': 'The Silmarillion, Vol. 3', 'edition': '4', 'dimensions': 'Height: 7.05 Inches, Length: 4.15 Inches, Width: 1.13 Inches', 'dimensions_structured': {'length': {'unit': 'inches', 'value': 4.15}, 'width': {'unit': 'inches', 'value': 1.13}, 'height': {'unit': 'inches', 'value': 7.05}}, 'date_published': '1998', 'subjects': ['Literature & Fiction', 'Science Fiction & Fantasy', 'Fantasy', 'Epic'], 'authors': ['J.R.R. Tolkien'], 'title': 'The Silmarillion, Vol. 3', 'isbn13': '9780553525021', 'msrp': 25, 'binding': 'Audio Cassette', 'isbn': '0553525026', 'isbn10': '0553525026'}}