{'book': {'publisher': 'Prentice Hall', 'synopsis': 'Product Description       Using the concept of public policy as an integrating theme, this classic book explores the social and political environment of business from a managerial focus. It considers specific issues and outlines many management-oriented techniques for dealing with such issues — showing how issues are raised in our society and how business and government interact in the resolution of those issues.  Content is organized into five major sections. Part I covers theoretical and conceptual material and expands coverage of the institutional and public policy aspects of government. Part II deals specifically with the public policy process. Part III focuses on specific public policy issues of concern to management. Part IV explores the ethical and international dimensions of public policy. Part V discusses management responses to public policy issues in the context of a strategic management framework. There is a chapter on public issues management that includes discussions about stakeholder management and the legal environment of business and a chapter on corporate political strategies. Each chapter begins with a brief company oriented incident and includes short cases at the end of most chapters.  This book will be useful to managers who deal with public policy issues, such as Public Affairs and Public Relations professionals, Directors of Executive Education, Management Training Executives or Public Policy Analysts.       From the Publisher      Using the concept of public policy as an integrating theme, this classic text explores the social and political environment of business from a managerial focus. It considers specific issues and outlines many management-oriented techniques for dealing with such issues -- showing how issues are raised in our society and how business and government interact in the resolution of those issues.      From the Back Cover      Key Benefit: Using the concept of public policy as an integrating theme, this classic book explores the social and political environment of business from a managerial focus. It considers specific issues and outlines many management-oriented techniques for dealing with such issues — showing how issues are raised in our society and how business and government interact in the resolution of those issues. Key Topics: Content is organized into five major sections. Part I covers theoretical and conceptual material and expands coverage of the institutional and public policy aspects of government. Part II deals specifically with the public policy process. Part III focuses on specific public policy issues of concern to management. Part IV explores the ethical and international dimensions of public policy. Part V discusses management responses to public policy issues in the context of a strategic management framework. There is a chapter on public issues management that includes discussions about stakeholder management and the legal environment of business and a chapter on corporate political strategies. Each chapter begins with a brief company oriented incident and includes short cases at the end of most chapters. Market: This book will be useful to managers who deal with public policy issues, such as Public Affairs and Public Relations professionals, Directors of Executive Education, Management Training Executives or Public Policy Analysts.', 'language': 'en', 'image': 'https://images.isbndb.com/covers/08/52/9780133110852.jpg', 'title_long': 'Business Environment and Public Policy: Implications for Management', 'edition': 'Facsimile, Subsequent', 'dimensions': 'Height: 9.75 Inches, Length: 8 Inches, Weight: 2.65436563448 Pounds, Width: 1.25 Inches', 'dimensions_structured': {'length': {'unit': 'inches', 'value': 8}, 'width': {'unit': 'inches', 'value': 1.25}, 'weight': {'unit': 'pounds', 'value': 2.65436563448}, 'height': {'unit': 'inches', 'value': 9.75}}, 'pages': 672, 'date_published': '1994-10-07', 'subjects': ['Business & Money', 'Economics', 'Development & Growth', 'Management & Leadership', 'Systems & Planning', 'Processes & Infrastructure', 'Organizational Change', 'Strategic Planning', 'Specialty Boutique', 'New, Used & Rental Textbooks'], 'authors': ['Rogene A. Buchholz'], 'title': 'Business Environment and Public Policy: Implications for Management', 'isbn13': '9780133110852', 'msrp': 92, 'binding': 'Hardcover', 'isbn': '0133110850', 'isbn10': '0133110850'}}